2975 - Add a new setting for opacity in Modal/Message (#3103)
infor-design/enterprise: docs/CHANGELOG.md

- `[Calendar / Week View]` A new component Week View was added. You can show events in a series of days. This is also integrated into view switcher in the calendar component. ([#1757](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/1757))
- `[Empty Messages]` Added a new icon `empty-no-users`. ([#3046](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/3046))
- `[Locale]` Added updated translation files for 16 in house languages. ([#3049](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/3049))

> - `[Modal]` Added a new setting `overlayOpacity` that give the user to control the opacity level of the modal/message dialog overlay. ([#2975](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/2975))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[Modal]` Added a new setting `overlayOpacity` that gives the developer ability to control the opacity level of the modal/message dialog overlay. ([#2975](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/2975))
```
